# Genshin Impact's success is temporary or lasting
In this document, I would like to discuss the different viewpoints of nowadays popular and famous video game: Genshin Impact from China's video game company MiHoYo. The 2 articles below explain their arguments of Genshin Impact for whether temporary or lasting success in details. 

# Article 1
In _The Republican Post_[MiHoYo’s negative impact might be Genshin’s downfall](https://www.republicanpost.sg/mihoyos-negative-impact-might-be-genshins-downfall/), the author analyze how the negatvie impact of MiHoYo will affect Genshin Impact. The first reason is that the game's gacha(character acquire) system is not friendly to free-to-play players. The second reason is that the reward is not satisfying to players. The last reason is that MiHoYo never do changes to improve the game's experience and this sharply influence the game. All these arguments seem reliable, but I disagree with these points.

As a Genshin Impact player, I admit that the gacha system is sometimes annoying. If you are really unlucky, you need to roll 180 wishes to get a character you want, according to the passage, whcih equals around 99*3 dollar. However, you can't be so unfortune every time. Also, players can organize their plan and prepare for their favorite characters months earlier. And the reward in the game is not scarce in fact. If players keep doing daily tasks, it's quite easy to earn the game currency which is primarily used to roll characters. For MiHoYo never making changes, it's not real at all. This game company is improving everyday, and thus its achievements can be so brilliant, which I will show in the next article.

# Article 2
In _South China Morning Post_[Genshin Impact bags US$4 billion in sign of rising power of China’s video gaming industry](https://www.scmp.com/tech/big-tech/article/3205443/genshin-impact-bags-us4-billion-sign-rising-power-chinas-video-gaming-industry), Genshin Impact earns over $4 billion in only around 2 years, which is very unbelievable. The article lists the award Genshin Impact gets these years to prove the long-term success of this game globaly. "Genshin Impact racked up US$1 billion within six months after launch, three months faster than Pokémon Go achieved. On its second anniversary this September, it had seen 37.3 million downloads in the year, a decrease of only 7 per cent compared to the same period last year." These data is enough to show the success of this game in lasting period.

As a Chinese player, I love Genshin Impact becasue it rise the power of China video game as the article claims. Becasue we started much later than others like US and Japan, it is very glad to see these great achievements in ways of awards and excellent data. A video game gets over $4 billion in 2 years can absolutely be considered lastingly successful and MiHoYo is trully trying to make this game even better.

